DOCSP-45732-add-proxy-setting-compass-config (#716)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/settings/config-file.txt

       option but doesn't prevent users from manually enabling the
       option with the :guilabel:`Edit connection string` toggle. 

   * - proxy
     - Allows you to enforce or define a Proxy to connect to your deployment 
       with. For more information on connecting to your deployment with a
       proxy, see :ref:`ssh-connection`.

>        You must pass either a URL or a DevtoolsProxyOptions object as JSON

Reviewer: Users won't know what a `DevtoolsProxyOptions` object is -- we'll need to explain what this means, or maybe give an example.

Author: thank you for your review, @betsybutton ; changes made, let me know how the approach i took looks to you.

       for the Proxy setting. You can also set the Proxy setting to an empty

>        string. 

Reviewer: Can we specify that if `proxy` is set to an empty string, no proxy will be used?

       option but doesn't prevent users from manually enabling the
       option with the :guilabel:`Edit connection string` toggle. 

   * - proxy

>      - Enables you to specify or enforce the use of a proxy for connecting 
>        to your deployment. For more information on connecting to your 

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] to [avoid using a gerund](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/writing/clarify-gerunds-participles/#clarify-gerunds-and-participles)

```suggestion
     - Enables you to specify or enforce the use of a proxy to connect 
       to your deployment. For more information on connecting to your 
```

>        with. For more information on connecting to your deployment with a

Reviewer: Super nit pick, but ending a sentence with "with" sounds a bit informal. Should we reword this to: 

> Enables you to specify or enforce the use of a proxy for connecting to your deployment.

Author: thanks @betsybutton ! could you take a final look at this to see if the changes look ok to you?

       deployment with a proxy, see :ref:`ssh-connection`.

>        You must pass either a URL or pass the following format: 
> 

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] for minimalism

```suggestion
       You must pass either a URL or the following format: 

```

       .. code-block::
          
          {
            "proxy": "string",
            "noProxyHosts": "string"
          }
       

>        If you set ``proxy`` to an empty string, no 
>        proxy will be used.

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] for active voice

```suggestion
       If you set ``proxy`` to an empty string, your deployment does not use a proxy.  
```

Reviewer 3: If you want this, it should be 

```suggestion
       If you set ``proxy`` to an empty string, Compass does not use a proxy.  
```

       option but doesn't prevent users from manually enabling the
       option with the :guilabel:`Edit connection string` toggle. 

   * - proxy
     - Allows you to enforce or define a proxy to connect to your deployment 
       with. For more information on connecting to your deployment with a
       proxy, see :ref:`ssh-connection`.

>        You must pass either a URL or a ``DevtoolsProxyOptions`` object as JSON

Reviewer 3: I'd still avoid using `DevtoolsProxyOptions` here if we can. It's not a meaningful term for users.

Author: thanks @addaleax ! just to clarify, do you think we should take out the references to `DevtoolsProxyOptions` _and_ the JSON block showing the format for the object, or just take out the references to `DevtoolsProxyOptions` but keep the code block?

Reviewer 3: It's just the name that's meaningless, the JS block (it's JS here, not JSON, although the users will need to use JSON – maybe also worth adjusting) defines what the structure is so there's no need to define a name that's never used again

Reviewer: Agreed - it would be better to have the example represent the actual structure the value needs to take. Leaving a separate comment with a suggestion

       option but doesn't prevent users from manually enabling the
       option with the :guilabel:`Edit connection string` toggle. 

   * - proxy
     - Allows you to enforce or define a Proxy to connect to your deployment 
       with. For more information on connecting to your deployment with a
       proxy, see :ref:`ssh-connection`.

       You must pass either a URL or a ``DevtoolsProxyOptions`` object as JSON

>        for the Proxy setting. A ``DevtoolsProxyOptions`` object takes the following

Reviewer 3: There's a mixture of proxy with and without capital P here, might be good to align them (I see no reason why we'd capitalize it)

       format: 

       .. code-block::
          
          {
            proxy: string;
            noProxyHosts: string;

>             useEnvironmentVariableProxies: boolean;
>             sshOptions: {
>               identityKeyFile: string;
>               identityKeyPassphrase: string;
>             };
>             ca: ConnectionOptions['ca'];
>             env: Record<string, string | undefined>;

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

I wouldn't expose any of these options to users, they're meant to be internal. `proxy` and `noProxyHosts` are the relevant options here.

Author: thank you for taking a look at this @addaleax, could you take a second look at the changes, when you get a chance?
